Hey friends, summers longer days
and slower pace. Invite us
to pick up a book,
follow our questions and try
our hand at something new.
The work of modern software
developers is evolving in ways
that are both challenging and
rewarding. As a developer, it's
essential that you cultivate a
security mindset and to help
we've put together a collection
of information, security books, podcasts,
blogs, and hands on exercises
recommended by Vira coders, across
our development security and product
teams from a just published
page Turner to classic frack
articles. There's something here for
everyone who is interested in
becoming more security minded. So
dip your toes in, or
take a deep dive visit
www dot Vira code. That's
V R a code.com/reading that's
code.com/reading. This is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes. And today I'm
talking with Cheryl Contee. She
is the author of mechanical
bull. How you can achieve
startup success. I just read
this on my Kindle and
it was fantastic. Well, thanks,
Scott. It's great to be
here. Yeah. This is an
interesting story about not, it's
just it's it's functional advice,
but it is also your
story about how you, you
know, started, you have had
multiple startups now and, and
had an exit soldiers startup,
and some really significant advice
because traditional startup advice doesn't
kind of always apply to
everybody. Does it, It really
doesn't. You know, and I
think that people often assume
like here, for example, you
know, the friends and there's
something called the friends and
family round, where it's assumed
that you have raised a
bunch of money from, you
know, your, your colleagues from
your friends and your family.
And you know, me, you
know, as a technologist from
a pretty humble background, you
know, I'm one of the,
I make the most in
my family or I'm one
of them and, you know,
peanut and Ray are asking
me for money, right? So
there's no, my friends and
family round would have gathered
about $200. So, you know,
I think that, you know,
I really tried hard in
the book to say, look,
if you've got a really
great idea and you've got
the energy and the ambition,
you know, no matter who
you are, no matter where
you're from, you know, here's
what you need to know
about the life cycle of
startups to be successful. Right?
And you walk people through
the raising of the money,
the different ways that you
can raise money, the different
ways that you can exit.
But one of the things
that I thought was interesting,
just in part one, right
off the bat, you asked
the question, do you have
what it takes? And I
know that you feel strongly
that kind of the term
gatekeeping is important that we
don't want to have Gates
that we prevent people from
entrepreneurialship, but you do very
clearly say that it's not
for everyone. And you might
need to ask yourself the
hard question. Are you an
entrepreneur? Absolutely. I mean, look,
you know, it's part of
the American character, right? Of,
you know, having your own
business, you know, even being
your own boss and that's
good, you know, that's a
good thing, but look, you
know, if you're, if your
dream is look, I want
to work from home in
my pajamas and I'm going
to be my own boss.
That all sounds well and
good. But here's the thing,
you know, imagine having, instead
of one boss like bosses,
as far as the eye
can see, who are your
clients and customers, does that
appeal to you or does
that frighten you? Right. You
know, if you're working from
home in your pajamas, there's
a good chance that, Hey,
you're working from home because
you can't afford an office
yet. And B you're working
in your pajamas because you
have been working straight, you
know, you don't have time
to put on pants. So
just keep it really real
in the book. And also
look, are you a self
motivator? You know, some people
really do work better being
in an office with other
people. And oftentimes when you're
launching your own business, you
know, there's, there's a lot
of time when you are
working with a much smaller
team or on your own.
And if you're not the
kind of person who will
get up, assign yourself, you
know, to quote Marian Wright,
Edelman, founder of a children's
defense fund. If you're not
the kind of person who
will get up and assign
yourself, but instead left to
your own devices in your
home office will just consume
a whole bunch of YouTube
and maybe a chocolate cake,
like entrepreneurship is not for
you. Like you've really got
to know yourself. Hmm. That
is really difficult. Like some,
you have to do the
work, but how do you
make sure that you're not
saying like try harder or
as I think Cheryl Shambrook
famously said lean in, like
there's, there's leaning in and
then there's leaning in. Yeah.
Look leaning in doesn't mean
the same thing too. I
think every person and, you
know, I do think there
are, you know, it, timing
is important. Right. And one
of the things I think
to consider is is this
the right time for you,
right. Are you pregnant? Right.
And, and are about to
have a baby. This might
not be the optimal time
to launch that startup. I
know people who have done
it and some people can,
can handle that. But for
other people they might say,
you know what? I want
to wait a couple years.
You know, I want to
get my grounding. You know,
I wanna, you know, get
my kid up and running.
I want to heal, you
know, my body, you know,
or, you know, make sure
everyone's taken care of. And
then I want to switch
my focus. Right. And that's
just one example. It could
be, are you in the
right place with your, with
your parents? Are they healthy?
Are they, I know people
who have a family situations
where like, this is not
the right time. I want
to spend time with my
kids, with my family, with
my partner, with my, whatever.
Well, in finances, you know,
have you really lined up?
And one of the things
I talk about in the
book, right? In terms of,
are you an entrepreneur? Are
you comfortable being paid last?
Because you know, a lot
of people think, Oh, you
know, I'm going to launch
this business and I'm going
to be rich. But you
know, ultimately, especially in that
first year to 18 months,
you know, you might have
vendors or suppliers to pay,
right. You might have employees
to pay and all of
those, all, that's your responsibility,
you know, that's your commitment
is to make sure everybody
else is whole and then
what's left over is for
you. And so, you know,
do you have, you know,
enough of a foundation such
that you can, whether, you
know, a, an occasional week
or two waiting to get
paid, you know, instead of
getting paid, for example, regularly
every two weeks, That idea
that are you willing to
take, the risk of being
paid last is really, really
important and powerful. Like you,
when you were doing your
startup with your partner, you
actually had to pay some
of your own money to
make payroll. That's a, I
don't know if I'd have
that level of commitment to
my startups. Yeah. I think
it's pretty common. I think
it's, you know, and I
would, I actually set aside
money just in case it's
just a, okay, here's a
slush fund, you know, in
case, you know, I need
10 K to make payroll,
I'll get it paid back.
I was always confident, you
know, that we would get,
you know, that I'd be
made whole, but right. I
mean, that takes a certain
amount of self discipline, you
know, and maturity to say,
look, I know that I
have to set aside a
certain portion of my income
just in case I have
to be my own line
of credit until I can
get a line of credit.
It can take, oftentimes banks
want to see two years
worth of business, a business
being alive before they're willing
to extend a line of
credit and yet most businesses
as, you know, fail within
the first year. So that
means, you know, you may
need to be your own
line of credit and manage
your money very carefully, along
the way. One of the
things that came up in
the book and I was
actually a little surprised about
was it appeared to me
and correct me if I'm
wrong, that you really, you
used examples of your own
life, where you were doing
startups early. You know, I
did this at 14. I
did that at 13. I
was thinking entrepreneurially in my
mid teens. And I thought
to myself, well, I've done
that too. And I know
people who've done that, but
I also know people for
whom that's not intuitive or
natural. How, how important is
it that we get young
people thinking about these things
and whether it be lemonades,
lemonade stands that turn into
a bee sweet lemonade, which
is like a legit company
and you can buy it
at a whole foods. Is,
is that really entrepreneurship or
is that just kids being
kids? Well, I think kids
are naturally entrepreneurial and, and
you know, the, the instinct
of, you know, the, the
marketplace, right? The, the village
marketplace, I mean, marketplaces are
something that is a, an
ancient human activity. So I
think that you may identify
in your kid, you know,
that kid who always kind
of on their game right.
On their hustle. So the
book I describe, I had
a little boyfriend in, in
nursery school and kindergarten and,
you know, kids really like
to see us kiss. We
would lean in, we would
stand like two feet away
from each other. And then,
you know, slowly, you know,
find, you know, lean in
so that we would find
each other's lips and kids,
other kids found this behavior
fascinating, right? Like our, our,
our quote, passionate love affair.
So, you know, and so
they'd be like kiss kiss.
So at some point I
said, you know what, people,
they should be paying us
like this, I'm not a
monkey. Okay. This isn't a
zoo. So for big kids,
like, you know, maybe a
fourth grade and up, they,
it would cost them 25 cents.
If they wanted to see
us kiss for, you know,
young kids, our age or
younger kids, it was more
of a sliding scale kind
of, you know, what have
you got right. Anywhere from
a penny to two, a
dime. And so, you know,
my little boyfriend at the
time, Stevie was more of
a romantic and had some,
some issues with, you know,
the, the selling essentially of
our love and to keep
him to mollify him and
keep him in the business,
you know, I could buy,
you know, eventually I would
scrape up enough so that
we could buy, you know,
candy or ice cream, but
like, you know, it was
in me. Right. It was
definitely in me to do
that. And you may have
a kid who's sort of
just got these ideas and
is always trying to, you
know, who or like is
really passionate about monopoly. Right.
And like really likes that
kind of game or just,
you know, ask certain kinds
of questions. And, you know,
you can nurture that. I
remember in, I wanna say
it was the sixth grade,
this isn't in the book,
this is special for Hansel
minutes listeners. We actually filled
out, they taught us in
school randomly for no apparent
reason how to write a
check. And it just felt
like such an adult activity.
It had never occurred to
me to write to like,
you know, like how a
check works and how banking
works. And, you know, it
just switched on a light
in my brain that I
wouldn't use of course until
later, but you'd be surprised,
you know, I think that's
why there's this emphasis on
teaching kids to code now,
you know, as early as
possible, it's not that, you
know, you necessarily want to
force your kid to become
a developer or a software
engineer, but the coding it's
like Shakespeare or algebra. It
just, it changes something in
your brain, you know, and
about you to engage in
activities, such that even if
you don't use it later,
you know, you, you have
opened up new doors and
new capacity inside yourself. So
that's why I think it's
important to encourage entrepreneurship and
kids, even if they don't
end up launching their own
business, they've learned something about
themselves and about how the
world works. You know, that's
gonna, that's going to shape
them in a positive way.
Yeah. I feel like it
is about it's about agency
and about empowerment. And one
can, can decide to sell
lemonade. I always use that
as a great example. Every
kid should do that, or
girl scout cookies, or if
you can, you know, I
drew comic book art, so
I would draw art, photocopy
it and sell it for
25 cents. And then I got
a table at the local
comic convention and sell prints
for a dollar kind of
thing. The idea that I
could create something out of
nothing, thereby creating value and
then participate in economy, gave
me a sense of empowerment
and agency as a kid.
I think Absolutely all of
a sudden, you see yourself
as a person who can
move independently in the world
and who, you know, has
created something of value that
other people want, as opposed
to being someone who is
a taker, right. Which as
a kid, you know, one
feels a lot of the
time like a taker. So
when you have the idea,
when you come up with
the idea, how important is
it that I, that idea
of fill a gap versus
what some of the things
that we're seeing now, where
they are simply commodities that
are delivered more efficiently than
before? I think those are
two different kinds of products.
Those are two different kinds
of products. Actually. I think
both are important. Look, you
know, I wrote this book
such that, you know, anyone
who has a great idea
and the energy and ambition
to unleash that idea into
the world, you know, wants
to do that in order
to improve people's lives. And
there's a lot of different
ways to improve people's lives,
right? One of them, right?
It's just getting people, food,
you know, in a more
efficient, faster, healthier way, right?
Everybody eats, you know, food
is not new. Achieving food
in your mouth is not
new, but you know, maybe
having a, you know, Uber
drop off your food, maybe
that's new. Hey, friends as
a software engineer, chances are
you've crossed paths with Mongo
DB. At some point, whether
you're building an app for
millions of users, or just
figuring out your side hustle
as the most popular non-relational
database, Mongo DB is intuitive
and incredibly easy for development
teams to use. Now with
Mongo DB Atlas, you can
take advantage of Mongo DBS,
flexible document data model as
a fully automated cloud service.
Mongo DB Atlas handles all
the costly database operations and
admin tasks that you'd rather
not spend time on, like
security, high availability, data, recovery
monitoring, and elastic scaling, try
Mongo DB Atlas for free
today. Visit Mongo db.com/cloud that's
Mongo db.com/cloud to learn more.
Okay. So I've got an
idea and I'm going to
go and build a team
in the book. You invoke
the idea of the visionary
and the geek, kind of
the, you know, the, the
bomber and the, the bill
Gates or the, you know,
the, the yin and the
yang. How important do you
think it is to have
that partner? Oh, essential. Essential.
And I think, you know,
particularly, you know, people who
might be maybe your, what
they call a nontraditional entrepreneur.
Right. You know, oftentimes people
are, you know, they feel
like they, they it's taken
them so long to get
here. Right. And they're an
army of one, right. They
see themselves as like, I
can, you know, I've gotten
here and that was hard
and I can do anything.
But actually what investors in
particular are looking for is
your understanding that you don't
know everything and you can't
do everything right. And that's
an important, like, is there
any humility because you know,
any good business ultimately is
going to be a function
of the quality of the
team and a team that
is multifaceted and multifunctional. So
the visionary is that person
who, you know, can can
wax rhapsodic about the technology,
about how it's going to
change people's lives, you know,
who is really great at
representing and, and, you know,
telling the story of the
product. But the geek is,
this is someone who may
or may not be that,
you know, out front, but
as someone who has a
lot of technical expertise and
can really actually implement and
make it happen, and those
two are equals you can't
really have one without the
other. And is the idea
to have two people, because
just simply, it's just too
hard to have one person
do all this kind of
work. I've just found it,
rare that all of that
is in one person. Sometimes
it is, you know, sometimes,
you know, you find someone
who can embody all of
those things, but generally speaking,
there's someone who often leans
more and as is just,
it's easier for them in
one direction being the visionary.
And, you know, there's another
person who is, you know,
focused on the implementation. So,
you know, another example might
be Tim cook and Steve
jobs. Right. You know, Steve
jobs obviously brilliant, you know,
had a lot of great
ideas. It would ultimately a
lot of Tim Cook's job
behind the scenes was to
actually take those great ideas
and make them into something.
Right. And when, you know,
he was an automatic heir
to the throne when jobs
left, you know, partly because
they just been working so
long together, but there are
other roles that are important.
You know, you want to
make sure that you have
a sales lead. You know,
that's probably not the same
person. It might be the
same. Okay. So you're saying
that people should find a
partner that has a different
skill sets, but also our
complimentary complimentary partners are important.
Absolutely. No one, no one
can do anything in this
world alone, ultimately, and that
is doubly true of a
startup. You absolutely need to
have a say the visionary,
the geek, the sales lead,
if you're making a product,
you know, is there someone
on your team who has
manufacturing experience? You know, who's
a product specialist, you know,
there, there are a few
key roles that you absolutely
have to have on board,
you know, in order to
be successful. And it's rare
that all of those talents
that all have any talents
exist within one person, you
know, there's a reason why,
for example, at the circus,
there's someone who is Elian
Tamer and someone who's on
the trapeze. These are usually
not the same person, right.
Different skillsets to bring you
in. I appreciate that. Okay.
So I've got a lot,
I mean like, people like
to say that they're a
founder, you know, like I
have offices everywhere, you know,
they're all, you know, Panera
bread locations, but you know,
it's my startup right. Offices
nationwide, you know, and if
you register a domain while
you're in San Francisco, you're
officially a founder, but how
do you graduate from side
hustle to your main gig?
Well, you'll know that you
have graduated from side hustle
to your main gig when
you have the funds to
pay yourself a salary and
potentially a few other people
too. So, you know, that's
the trick, right? Is, you
know, are you able to
sustain yourself enough, such that
you no longer need the
side hustle? You know, while
you have the full time
job, you know, to float
your expenses, but you're able
to shift gears. So it's
actually happened to us where
one of our team members,
she's a junior accounting professional,
she's really smart, but her
Instagram influencer business has taken
off such that she actually
makes more doing that now.
And, and in the foreseeable
future, she can see that
she can maintain, you know,
her, you know, her expenses
and her lifestyle and doesn't
need her, her daytime gig
anymore. So, yeah. Right. It's,
it's a new world we're
living in. So that just
like, that's a thing that
can just happen. You can
just slowly build your side
business until it becomes your
main business. It becomes your
main business. And, you know,
there are a few bridges
to get there, right? You
know, if you want to
accelerate that process, you can
actually find an accelerator online
or incubator that can help
you start to connect to
influencers. You can go to
the bank and see about,
you know, getting a loan
and show them your expenses.
There are a lot of
different programs out there that
can help someone go from
side hustle to main gig.
I don't have any experience
in this space, but of
course I'm allowed to have
an opinion because I'm an
armchair quarterback. I have felt
that this idea of an
accelerator could potentially be problematic,
especially if we're trying to
incubate and accelerate underrepresented groups
that they could get in
so early that they take
huge amounts of someone's a
company. Like I've seen people
on shark tank and they'll
give them like $30,000 and
then they'll take half their
company. And I'm thinking to
myself, that's like a friends
and family round for someone
who has no friends or
family, and for a modest
amount of like, you know,
basically amount of money that
you'd buy a car with,
they just took half your
company are accelerators, good things
or bad things, or is
that just a shark tank
is a bedroom. So shark
tank is a little bit
of a distorted. I mean,
I went to business school,
which definitely helped, but not
everyone needs to do that.
My business, original business partner,
Roslyn mew, who's a contributor
on the book, didn't go
to business school. And she
was just as smart and
capable, maybe more so than
I am, you know? Right.
So shark tank is fascinating
from that perspective is a
good way to learn, you
know what that's like, but
it's, it's not really like
that. And your investor, you
know, the right investors, especially
at the seed round. We
know when it's early, when
it's angel investors, like, you
know, they really want to
get to know you as
a person. You know, they're
not trying to grill you.
They're not trying to trick
you. You know, look, there
are safer ways for an
angel investor to make money,
right. Instead of giving you
money, like you're probably going
to fail, right. Again, 90%
of small businesses fail, you
know, they'd be better off
just dumping that money into
an index fund. Right. You
know, they are angel investors
seek out younger entrepreneurs because
someone bet on them, right.
It's their way of giving
back. And it's their way
of staying in the game.
And so the best investors
have more to give than
just money and want to,
they very much want to
be there for you beyond
just a financial investment. The
financial investment is important and
it's meaningful, you know, but
ultimately with our angel investors,
I felt like, wow, you
know, it's, you know, the
fact that these really successful
people believe in me, gives
me a lot of self
confidence and you know, the
best investors. And this is
true of structuring. You know,
the reason why people say
yes, even though they're like,
Oh, you know, I got
to give 20% of my
company for like, you know,
what feels like, you know,
$50,000 is because the investors
on that show, you know,
have these amazing networks. Right.
And they can, they can
provide not just money, but
a distribution channel. Right. If
it's QVC, they can provide
marketing support. You know, they
have vendor relationships, they can
arrange for bank loans. Right.
So they know that they're
going to get a whole
different other set of resources
from this investor, beyond that
small amount, that's going to
blow up their business if
they, if they play it.
Right. And so they, they
get a bigger, you know,
yeah. You know, maybe you
go from owning a hundred
percent of your thing to
50% of your thing, but,
you know, do you want
to own a hundred percent
of like, you know, a
penny, you know? Right. You
know, or do you want
to own 50% of a
quarter? I see. So they
can go and pick up
the phone and call toys
R us and have your
stuff on the shelf before
toys R us went under
like tomorrow because they know
the head of best buy
or toys R us or
whatever. And that is a
value. They, as the angel
investor in the incubator, that's
why they are an accelerator.
They just, they pick up
the phone and they call
the, the, the mover and
suddenly your company blows up.
Right. Or they help you
work through, okay. You know,
here's what, here's what you
need to do. Here's what
you say. You're trying to
do. You'll, let's work on
your business model. Let's work
on your pricing. Let's figure
out vendors and suppliers for
you. Oh. You know, we
actually need to pair you
with another team member right.
To make this happen all
together. So yeah. You just
get so much more with
the right. With the, and
that's something to look for.
I mean, the, the, you
know, there's good money and
there's bad money. And one
of the things I talk
about in the book, especially
as a woman, you know,
look, you know, if someone
is, you know, using the
opportunity to talk to you
about your business, to try
to get in your pants,
like run in the opposite
direction, because, you know, it's,
it's, you know, that person,
isn't thinking in a clear,
rational way about your business.
And if they're doing that
now they will continue to
do that. And therefore, they're
not going to be that
supporter and advisor that you
really need when it comes.
I see. Now, one of
the things that you called
out though in the chapter
on funding is a thing
that I had never heard
about, but I like the
sound of called steward ownership.
You know, I've always used
the word stewardship, which is
kind of a benevolent kind
of ownership. What is steward
ownership? And is it, is
it finding its way to
the States? It's starting to
find its way to the
state. So, you know, a
great friend of mine who
runs the creative network actually
wrote a blog post about
how, you know, look, he,
you know, he got their
company into matter.vc, which is
a really cool accelerator program,
but they felt like the
people, the, the VC is
a venture capitalist and, you
know, the angel investors that
they were talking to just
really didn't get what they
were trying to do with
the creative network, which is
to have, you know, really
positive images that people could
buy. Right. And so, you
know, they, weren't trying to,
you know, sell to people
who didn't share the same
values. They really wanted, you
know, images that inspire people.
So, you know, stewardship ownership
is it's pretty common apparently
in Europe. And, you know,
before, you know, in American
history, there's quite a bit
of this, but the idea
of steward ownership is that
companies should exist to do
something for society beyond just
maximize profit. Right. And I
know that sounds crazy, but
I think we can see
that just maximizing profit, you
know, ultimately, you know, doesn't
lead to a healthy society.
It doesn't even lead to
a healthy business. I mean,
look at, look at Facebook,
right? That's a great example.
Facebook did a great job
in, you know, selling a
whole bunch of ads, but
ultimately, you know, people are
feeling like, you know, when
I go into Facebook, I
don't love what I see
in there. Right. It doesn't
feel healthy. It feels toxic
at times. And so ultimately,
even though they trying to
maximize for having as many
people, you know, as much
content as possible on the
platform, you know, they would,
if they had actually scaled
back a little and said,
it's not just that we
want the most amount of
stuff, we want the right
stuff. Right. They wouldn't be
losing engagement Now not to
get too political, but is
steward ownership, capitalist and socialist
at the same time? Or
is it just acknowledging that
not everything has to be
more money? I think it's
pretty, it's still pretty capitalist,
right? It's, it's still, but
you know, it's not, it's
not saying, so the model
here, particularly in the United States
is that, you know, venture
capitalists or angel investors, they'll
bet on a whole bunch
of horses, right. With the
idea that one of those
horses, one of those companies
is going to hit it
big. And so everyone is
trying to be, or PR
or present themselves as that
one. That's going to offset
all of the losses right.
From all of the other
ones. And so they want
to see the hockey stick,
right? Meaning, you know, a,
a revenue stream that is
going to take off and
get huge, right. A hundred
X, a thousand to X,
you know, they're looking for
really, what's called a really
big exit, right? So when
you sell or you have
an IPO, like a big
company like Twitter, or just
recently, Uber, you know, they're
looking for that big, big
payoff because all of the
other 90% of their, their
bets are likely to fail.
Now, instead with ownership with
steward ownership, it's capped dividends,
or they're sometimes called demand
dividends. And what it says
is look, when, once you
reach, you know, a certain
amount of revenue, you start
paying back the profits to
the investors until they've received,
say five X or 10
X, their initial investment. So
that does two things. You
know, it means that the
investors get a pretty good
return on their money, right?
That is, that is safer
in many ways, this makes
it a safer bet for
an investor, but it also
means that they don't have
to push towards a sale.
It means that, you know,
you can actually extend past
that five to seven average
year. If you're a successful
business, you know, before you
have to exit by either
acquisition or acquisition or IPO,
you know, you can keep
your business quite a bit
long And you cover the,
the full life cycle. You
cover, you know, you have
two parts to the book,
but you go all the
way through bootstrapping it, funding
it, making a pitch deck,
how to deal with investors.
You know, what, what the
investor expects of you kind
of investor relations, spending, giving
your experience and yours and
Ross experience running your businesses
and how to, you know,
not burn too much cash
all the way out to
an exit strategy. And there
are, there are multiple potential
exit strategies for your, for
your company. You talk about
three three-way, exit IPO being
acquired, and you actually call
out failing as a potential
exit. Failing is the most
frequently occurring exit. Unfortunately, that's
why I called the book.
Mechanical bull in part is
because it's such a wild
ride one day, you think,
Oh my gosh, we made
this incredible deal. We're going
to be rich. You know?
And the next day we're
like, wow, you know, it
was a great ride. You
know, we had a lot
of fun. We did some
cool stuff. I'm like, it's
over. Right. And it can
feel that way all the
way through. I mean, even
at the point when we
were, you know, in conversations,
you know, with, you know,
our eventual purchaser, our eventual
acquirer, I mean, there were
points where we weren't sure
the deal was going to
go through. I mean, that,
which is why I tried
to cover the full life
cycle so that people feel
like they have the tools
and the info, they need
it at every stage to
actually get to the other
side. You know, it is
it's. Yeah. It's a, it's
a tough ride. Well, you
can check out mechanical bull
on Amazon. I picked it
up for my Kindle and
you can follow Cheryl on
Twitter. Thanks so much for
chatting with me today. Thank
you so much. I really
appreciate it. And folks can
also find us@dobigthings.today, or do
big things.com, which is my
new company. Fantastic. Well, I
encourage everyone to check that
out so that they might
also do big things. We've
been chatting with Cheryl. Contee
the author of mechanical bull.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes, and we'll
see you again next week.
.